
//How To Magic Mod Items
item.unpolished_topaz.name=Unpolished Topaz
item.polished_topaz.name=Polished Topaz
item.unpolished_sapphire.name=Unpolished Sapphire
item.polished_sapphire.name=Polished Sapphire
item.unpolished_ruby.name=Unpolished Ruby
item.polished_ruby.name=Polished Ruby
item.stone_rod.name=Stone Rod
item.gold_rod.name=Golden Rod
item.iron_rod.name=Iron Rod
item.diamond_rod.name=Diamond Rod

//How To Magic Mod Blocks
tile.sarlaga_stone.name=Sarlaga Stone
tile.sarlaga_cobbelstone.name=Sarlaga Cobbelstone
tile.topaz_block.name=Block of Topaz

//How To Magic Mod Foods


//How To Magic Mod Tools
item.qauter_axe_of_vitality.name=Quarter Axe of Vitality

//How To Magic Mod Weapons


//How To Magic Mod Items Ores


//How To Magic Mod Armor
item.helmet_of_knowledge.name=Helmet of Knowledge
item.chestplate_of_strength.name=Chestplate of Strength
item.leggings_of_life.name=Leggings of Life
item.boots_of_briskness.name=Boots of Briskness


//How To Magic Mod Tabs
itemGroup.htmmmaterialstab=How To Materials
itemGroup.htmmblokstab=How To Blocks
itemGroup.htmmcombattab=How To Combat
itemGroup.htmmtoolstab=How To Tools

